for seven short days Palestinians in
Gaza had a tentative respit from the
bombing the ceasefire always fragile now
shattered here in Rafa in gaza's far
south children are bundled into
overcrowded beds along with the blood
and dust on their faces pain fear and
confusion of life in what is once again
an active War Zone in hunis where so
many Palestinians have sought Refuge the
first casualty started arriving minutes
after the ceasefire ended
I was asleep when I heard the sound of
falling bricks after that I heard my
siblings voices and I went to them then
I heard people starting to dig and they
came and pulled us out C and Egyptian
mediators had hoped to avoid this but so
far they've been unable to get Israel
and Hamas to agree to continue holding
fire we were waking up and about to
prepare breakfast for the children when
suddenly our house and our neighbors
were targeted I crashed into the street
without even putting on my clothes I got
dressed in the street the entire area
where we live has been completely wiped
out the Israeli bombardment extended
from south to North this the aftermath
of an attack on the jabalia refugee camp
in Northern Gaza on Thursday US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin told
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu that
Israel could not repeat the mass
civilian casualties and displacement of
Palestinians it inflicted on Northern
Gaza the density of the buildings and
the number of people forced to relocate
South shows how devastating a repeat of
what happened in the North would be
prime minister Netanyahu says Israel is
committed to its goals for the war the
annihilation of Hamas and the return of
all hostages it's a sadness you see from
children who look and say I'm hungry or
I want to go to my home or I don't want
to I'm 13 years old I'm a girl I don't
want to queue for 3 hours to a toilet
these are the things we were seeking to
address and this not nightmare for
people today just somehow got so much
worse the first funerals have already
taken place for the latest victims of
this now 8-week long War Qatar says
negotiations to restore the ceasefire
are continuing but the Israeli
bombardment of Gaza is complicating
those mediation efforts Harry foret Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer